CSS variable (#1592)
guardian/source: .changeset/tall-knives-wait.md

---
'@guardian/source-react-components': patch
---

> - The `<Link />` component now expects the `--source-text-decoration-thickness` CSS variable to be provided to specify the underline thickness on hover.

Reviewer: I think this makes it sound like users of `Link` need to provide this. how about:
```suggestion
- `<Link />` text has variable underline heights, based on the size of the link text
```
The technique we use to accomplish it is only really an implementation detail. Consumer's don't need to know about it.
